+++
title = "Disjoint superheavy subsets and fragmentation norms"
featured = false

# Date first published.
date = "2019-06-14"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Morimichi KAWASAKI", "admin"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Journal of Topology and Analysis"
publication_short = "J. Topol. Anal."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We present a lower bound for a fragmentation norm and construct a bi-Lipschitz embedding $I\\colon \\mathbb{R}^n\\to\\mathrm{Ham}(M)$ with respect to the fragmentation norm on the group $\\mathrm{Ham}(M)$ of Hamiltonian diffeomorphisms of a symplectic manifold $(M,\\omega)$. As an application, we provide an answer to Brandenbursky's question on fragmentation norms on $\\mathrm{Ham}(\\Sigma_g)$, where $\\Sigma_g$ is a closed Riemannian surface of genus $g\\geq 2$."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
#image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
#selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
# url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]
url_custom = [{name = "Source", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# [image]
# RelPermalink = "publications/vr-engineer.jpg"


+++
