+++
title = "Maximal topological complexity of monotone symplectic 4-manifolds"
authors = ["admin"]
date = "2026-07-23"
publication = "	arXiv:2607.20886"
publication_short = "	arXiv:2607.20886"

featured = true

reading_time = false  # Show estimated reading time?
share = false  # Show social sharing links?
profile = false  # Show author profile?
#commentable = false  # Allow visitors to comment? Supported by the Page, Post, and Docs content types.
#editable = false  # Allow visitors to edit the page? Supported by the Page, Post, and Docs content types.

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
# 7 = Thesis (v4.2+ required)
# 8 = Patent (v4.2+ required)
publication_types = ["2"]

abstract = "We continue the study of Farber's topological complexity for monotone symplectic manifolds initiated in [Or25]. First, we show that a closed spherically monotone symplectic manifold whose fundamental group contains no subgroup isomorphic to $\\mathbb{Z}\\oplus\\mathbb{Z}$ is automatically toroidally monotone, with the same monotonicity constant. As a consequence, every closed $4$-dimensional spherically monotone symplectic manifold whose Kodaira dimension is not $-\\infty$ and whose fundamental group contains no $\\mathbb{Z}\\oplus\\mathbb{Z}$ (for instance, is Gromov hyperbolic) has maximal topological complexity $\\mathrm{TC}(M)=9$. This settles, under strictly weaker hypotheses, the dichotomy $\\mathrm{TC}(M)=8$, $9$ left open there. Second, we compute the topological complexity and the Lusternik--Schnirelmann category of all blowups of $S^2$-bundles over closed orientable surfaces of genus $g\\geq 2$: they satisfy $\\mathrm{cat}(M)=4$ and $\\mathrm{TC}(M)=7$. In particular, the hypothesis on the Kodaira dimension in the first result cannot be removed, and closed symplectic $4$-manifolds realize the pairs $(\\mathrm{cat}(M),\\mathrm{TC}(M))=(3,5)$, $(4,7)$, $(5,9)$ in the three regimes considered in this paper. Throughout, $\\mathrm{TC}$ and $\\mathrm{cat}$ are taken in the unreduced convention."
# abstract_short = ""

links = [
  {icon = "arxiv", icon_pack = "ai", name = "arXiv", url = "https://arxiv.org/abs/2607.20886"},
  ]

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
#image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
#selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# [image]
# RelPermalink = "publications/vr-engineer.jpg"
+++
