+++
title = "Computation of annular capacity by Hamiltonian Floer theory of non-contractible periodic trajectories"
authors = ["Morimichi Kawasaki", "Ryuma Orita"]
date = "2017-04-20"
publication = "Journal of Modern Dynamics, vol. **11** (2017), pp. 313–339"
publication_short = "*J. Mod. Dyn.*, vol. **11**, pp. 313–339"

featured = false

reading_time = false  # Show estimated reading time?
share = false  # Show social sharing links?
profile = false  # Show author profile?
#commentable = false  # Allow visitors to comment? Supported by the Page, Post, and Docs content types.
#editable = false  # Allow visitors to edit the page? Supported by the Page, Post, and Docs content types.

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
# 7 = Thesis (v4.2+ required)
# 8 = Patent (v4.2+ required)
publication_types = ["2"]

abstract = "The first author introduced a relative symplectic capacity $C$ for a symplectic manifold $(N,\\omega_N)$ and its subset $X$ which measures the existence of non-contractible periodic trajectories of Hamiltonian isotopies on the product of $N$ with the annulus $A_R=(-R,R)\\times\\mathbb{R}/\\mathbb{Z}$. In the present paper, we give an exact computation of the capacity $C$ of the $2n$-torus $\\mathbb{T}^{2n}$ relative to a Lagrangian submanifold $\\mathbb{T}^n$ which implies the existence of non-contractible Hamiltonian periodic trajectories on $A_R\\times\\mathbb{T}^{2n}$. Moreover, we give a lower bound on the number of such trajectories."
#abstract_short = ""

links = [
  {icon = "arxiv", icon_pack = "ai", name = "arXiv", url = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.01730"},
  {icon = "book", icon_pack = "fas", name = "Journal Page", url = "https://dx.doi.org/10.3934/jmd.2017013"},
  ]

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
#image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
#selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# [image]
# RelPermalink = "publications/vr-engineer.jpg"
+++
