+++
title = "On the existence of infinitely many non-contractible periodic orbits of Hamiltonian diffeomorphisms of closed symplectic manifolds"
authors = ["admin"]
date = "2020-01-17"
publication = "Journal of Symplectic Geometry, vol. **17** (2019), no. 6, pp. 1893–1927"
publication_short = "*J. Symplectic Geom.*, vol. **17**, no. 6, pp. 1893–1927"

featured = true

reading_time = false  # Show estimated reading time?
share = false  # Show social sharing links?
profile = false  # Show author profile?
#commentable = false  # Allow visitors to comment? Supported by the Page, Post, and Docs content types.
#editable = false  # Allow visitors to edit the page? Supported by the Page, Post, and Docs content types.

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
# 7 = Thesis (v4.2+ required)
# 8 = Patent (v4.2+ required)
publication_types = ["2"]

abstract = "We show that the presence of a non-contractible one-periodic orbit of a Hamiltonian diffeomorphism of a connected closed symplectic manifold $(M,\\omega)$ implies the existence of infinitely many non-contractible simple periodic orbits, provided that the symplectic form $\\omega$ is aspherical and the fundamental group $\\pi_1(M)$ is either a virtually abelian group or an $\\mathrm{R}$-group. We also show that a similar statement holds for Hamiltonian diffeomorphisms of closed monotone or negative monotone symplectic manifolds under the same conditions on their fundamental groups. These results generalize some works by Ginzburg and Gürel. The proof uses the filtered Floer--Novikov homology for non-contractible periodic orbits."
#abstract_short = ""

links = [
  {icon = "arxiv", icon_pack = "ai", name = "arXiv", url = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.01731"},
  {icon = "book", icon_pack = "fas", name = "Journal Page", url = "https://dx.doi.org/10.4310/JSG.2019.v17.n6.a9"},
  ]

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
#image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
#selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# [image]
# RelPermalink = "publications/vr-engineer.jpg"
+++
