+++
title = "Application of fragmentation norms to transported points by Hamiltonian isotopies"
authors = ["Morimichi Kawasaki", "admin"]
date = "2018-06-08"
publication = "RIMS Kôkyûroku, vol. **2098** (2018), pp. 57–59"
publication_short = "*RIMS Kôkyûroku*, vol. **2098**, pp. 57–59"

featured = false

reading_time = false  # Show estimated reading time?
share = false  # Show social sharing links?
profile = false  # Show author profile?
#commentable = false  # Allow visitors to comment? Supported by the Page, Post, and Docs content types.
#editable = false  # Allow visitors to edit the page? Supported by the Page, Post, and Docs content types.

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
# 7 = Thesis (v4.2+ required)
# 8 = Patent (v4.2+ required)
publication_types = ["1"]

abstract = "We prove that a certain $C^0$-robust condition of a Hamiltonian function $H$ induces the existence of a point transported $\\varepsilon$ out of the original point by the Hamiltonian diffeomorphism $\\varphi_H$. Related to our observation, we provide a problem on Hamiltonian pseudo-rotations."
#abstract_short = ""

links = [
#  {icon = "arxiv", icon_pack = "ai", name = "arXiv", url = ""},
  {icon = "book", icon_pack = "fas", name = "Journal Page", url = "http://www.kurims.kyoto-u.ac.jp/~kyodo/kokyuroku/contents/2098.html"},
  ]

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
#image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
#selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# [image]
# RelPermalink = "publications/vr-engineer.jpg"
+++
